DEVX-1628: KStreams DSL choose output topic at runtime (#295)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/dynamic-output-topic/kstreams/markup/dev/run-special-order-consumer.adoc

Then close the current console consumer or open a second terminal window and start another console consumer to view the special `CompletedOrder` objects.  Remember the Kafka Streams application determines at runtime where to send each order based on the information contained in the `CompletedOrder` object.

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="shell">{% include_raw tutorials/dynamic-output-topic/kstreams/code/tutorial-steps/dev/console-consumer-special.sh %}</code></pre>
+++++

> Then the special order console consumer should yeild this output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The special order console consumer should yield this output:
```
